Hello This article discusses a dashboard that you created in Microsoft Excel about bicycle sales to individuals in different regions.
The project is inspired by Alex Freberg and the dataset can be found here. Let's dive in!
The first is how the Dashboard(Sales Bikes) dashboard works in Ms. Excel The other is called AdventureWorksDW regarding how to handle SQL Server databases from scratch and also extract them in Power BI via Power query Dataset The dataset originally contained 13 fields consisting of different information such as an individual's salary, marital status, income, and whether or not they bought a bike. Initially, I did some data cleaning and processing to make it more usable and understandable. Some of the operations performed were removing duplicates, replacing values in some fields to improve interpretability and creating Excel functions for the field. First after completing the previous operations I created tables (pivot tables) based on the dataset, with which I was able to create charts in the dashboard described above. The dashboard has 3 basic components listed below: Percentage of bike purchases for the three countries by the value of their sources of income. Percentage of married individuals from social status who bought a bicycle, grouped by their income. The percentage of bicycle purchases made by individuals based on the number of children they have. There are also 2 filters that can be used for all these schemes, marital status and buying roller or not. You can download the Excel File with dashboard from the GitHub repository of this link. Feel free to download the file and switch with the filters as well and see how this is reflected in visualizations. Now, let's look at what we can understand by looking at these perceptions.Insights First, all married people in the three countries have a higher percentage of not buying a bicycle than those who bought a bicycle, a percentage that is concentrated in the North American country of the three countries. Second, we can also see that the percentage of married couples who have not been bought a degree by them is 57% greater than those who have been purchased by the bike by 42%, although in both cases the value of their sources of income is the same. Finally, the percentage of married people who have children, and their percentage is greater if they buy bicycles for their children, and the percentage of their purchases begins to decrease with the increase in the number of children starting from one to 5 children. As for married people without children, their proportions are completely different for people without children, their percentage of buying is greater than not buying them. The end At the beginning of the analysis process I was the opinion and general concept that the process of buying poultry is done by married couples due to the presence of children they have, but after the analysis process the opposite happened unmarried individuals have the ability to buy degrees. This was a fun project that got off to a good start for me in the Data Marketing Analytics field and allowed me to look at bike sales by people in three different regions based on different factors. It also allowed me to use many functions, pivot tables and visualizations to analyze the dataset. Again please browse the dashboard by downloading yourself (above or here). Thank you for taking the time to read this article! Hope you were given a great day!
